perf_hooks: allow omitted parameters in 'performance.measure' (#32651)
nodejs/node: doc/api/perf_hooks.md

### `performance.measure(name, startMark, endMark)`
<!-- YAML
added: v8.5.0
changes:
  - version: REPLACEME
    pr-url: https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/32651

>     description: allow omitted parameters

Reviewer: This should describe which parameters are omittable, be punctuated (e.g. ``Make `startMark` and `endMark` parameters optional.``)

-->

* `name` {string}
* `startMark` {string | undefined}

> * `endMark` {string | undefined}

Reviewer: If I read the code correctly, this still throws if `undefined` is passed in explicitly, I think? You may want to change the heading here to indicate that `startMark` and `endMark` are optional instead, and/or fix that in the code

### `performance.measure(name, startMark, endMark)`
<!-- YAML
added: v8.5.0
changes:
  - version: REPLACEME
    pr-url: https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/32651
    description: Make `startMark` and `endMark` parameters optional.
-->

* `name` {string}
* `startMark` {string | undefined}

> * `endMark` {string}

Reviewer 2: In the case of conforming to w3c performance definition, both `startMark` and `endMark` can be omitted.

> ### `performance.measure(name, startMark, endMark)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `performance.measure(name[, startMark[, endMark]])`
```

The `endMark` argument must identify any *existing* `PerformanceMark` in the
Performance Timeline or any of the timestamp properties provided by the
`PerformanceNodeTiming` class. `endMark` will be `performance.now()`

> if no parameter passing, otherwise if the named `endMark` does not exist, an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
if no parameter is passed, otherwise if the named `endMark` does not exist, an
```
